More text on framers in -arch (#1122)
ietf-tapswg/api-drafts: draft-ietf-taps-arch.md

* Receive: An action that indicates that the application is ready to asynchronously accept a Message over a Connection from a Remote Endpoint, while the Message content itself will be delivered in an Event ({{events}}). The interface to Receive can include Message Properties specific to the Message that is to be delivered to the application.

> * Framer: A Framer is a data translation layer that can be added to a Connection. Framers allow extending a Connection's protocol stack to define how to encapsulate or encode outbound Messages, and how to decapsulate or decode inbound data into Messages. This allows message boundaries to be preserved when using a Connection object, even with a protocol that otherwise presents unstructured streams, such as TCP. This is designed based on the fact that many of the current application protocols evolved over TCP, which does not provide message boundary preservation, and since many of these protocols require message boundaries to function, each application layer protocol has defined its own framing. For example, when an HTTP application sends and receives HTTP messages over a byte-stream transport, it must parse the boundaries of HTTP messages from the stream of bytes.

Author: ```suggestion
* Framer: A Framer is a data translation layer that can be added to a Connection. Framers allow extending a Connection's protocol stack to define how to encapsulate or encode outbound Messages, and how to decapsulate or decode inbound data into Messages. In this way, message boundaries can be preserved when using a Connection object, even with a protocol that otherwise presents unstructured streams, such as TCP. This is designed based on the fact that many of the current application protocols evolved over TCP, which does not provide message boundary preservation, and since many of these protocols require message boundaries to function, each application layer protocol has defined its own framing. For example, when an HTTP application sends and receives HTTP messages over a byte-stream transport, it must parse the boundaries of HTTP messages from the stream of bytes.
```
